CoLD Website description (#12)
CoLDorg/COLD: Description.md

# **CoLD Website**
The following document covers and describes the various functions and purposes of the **CoLD** website.<br>
The website will work as a tracker of the club's activities and will constantly keep a tab on the works/projects that are presently being undertaken within the club. The following will be the main areas that the website will cover:

* A medium for new members to join
* To give an overall idea about the club

> * A tracker of the progress of projects being done by the club

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A tracker of the progress of projects taken up by the club

```

* Services being offered by the club in fields such as basic programming, web dev, app development etc
* Brief info about the members of the club, i.e the core committee members
* Basic contact information for anyone to get in touch

***
## To Join

The [Join Us](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe763-pHHXFPQyo7MzlrN63zf0p2M--lsMmLNmnki4GdsHZew/viewform) button is a link to a google form for membership. One can simply fill their details and receive their membership approval within a couple of days.

---
## Projects and Progress

> The [ Our Projects](https://github.com/CoLDorg) button is a link to the club's github repository and will contain everything thats been done by the club thus far. It will contain information about events, current projects etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ Our Projects](https://github.com/CoLDorg) button is a link to the club's GitHub repository and will contain everything thats been done by the club thus far. It will contain information about events, current projects etc.

```

---
## Services

> The club plans to provide various services in areas of web development, basic programming (Java, Python), competitive programming, app development. The objective of these courses is to ensure that the required skills and technologies are available to the members while working on various projects which in turn will result in skill development and experience simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The club plans to provide various services in the areas of web development, basic programming (Java, Python), competitive programming, app/software development, server management and tehcnical writing/documentation. The objective of this is to ensure that the required skills and technologies are available to the members while working on various projects which in turn will result in skill development and experience simultaneously.

```

---

## Contact and Core Members

> The information about the core members is available on the website alongwith their roles. At any given point of time the core members can be approached via the contact details given on the website or sometimes directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information about the core members is available on the website alongwith their roles. At any given point of time the core members can be approached via the contact details given on the website.

```
